vmalert: fix variable `$activeAt` value when templating rule annotati… (#6981)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [Single-node VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): properly ingest stale NaN samples. Previously it could be dropped if series didn't exist at storage node. See this issue [https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5069] for details.
* BUGFIX: [Single-node VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): properly track `vm_missing_tsids_for_metric_id_total` metric. See this [issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6931) for details.
* BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert): do not send notifications without labels to Alertmanager. Such notifications are rejected by Alertmanager anyway. Before, vmalert could send alert notifications even if no label-value pairs left after applying `alert_relabel_configs` from [notifier config](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/#notifier-configuration-file).

> * BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): fix variable `$activeAt` value when templating rule annotation in replay mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): properly update value of variable `$activeAt` in rules annotation during replay mode. Before, `$activeAt` could have provided incorrect values during replay.
```
